Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Tell me about your class! What does it represent?
- What additional methods (if any) did you implement alongside those listed in the interface?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

I created a faerie class. This class creates a fictional faerie and envisions what this faerie might do based on the contract interface methods.  For "grab" and "drop", the faerie can add to or remove from their bag, which is an ArrayList. I also created an "examine" method which prints that the faerie is examining an item and then allows the user to decide if the faerie will add this item to their bag. The "use" method prints that a faerie is using an item, but only if the item is already in the faerie's bag. If the item is not in the bag, an exception is thrown. If the item is a wand, the faerie casts a random spell by calling a new method I created called "spellcasting." Next, the "walk" method changes the location of the x (right or left) and z (forward or backward) coordinates of the faerie by 1 based on the direction the user inputs. The "fly" method is similar but it also changes the location of the y coordinate of the faerie so they can move up or down. Moreover, the user decides how many units the faerie moves by rather than providing a direction. Next, the "shrink" and "grow" methods change the faeries preset size of 5.5 feet by 0.5 feet everytime they are called. On the other hand, the "rest" method prints that the faerie is resting. Lastly, the "undo" method undoes the grow, shrink, walk, fly, grab, and/or drop methods. The "grow" method is undone by calling "shrink" and vice versa. The "walk" and "fly" methods are undone by resetting the faerie's location to (0,0,0). Finally, the "grab" and "drop" methods are undone by calling each other.

One of the main things that didn't work was creating multiple scanners. When I did this, an error showed up because I'd closed one of the scanners earlier but was now trying to open a new scanner. To fix this issue, I simply created one scanner to be used for the whole class. I found this solution by doing some online research, as cited below. In terms of what worked, I found it helpful to consult past homework assignments when it came to deciding what my methods would do and how they would do them. A3 was very helpful when incorporating random for "spellcasting." My advice to future students would absolutely be to consult past homework assignments if they do not know how to do something or need inspiration.

Sources consulted:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19766566/java-multiple-scanners
